---
Title: AU-03(02) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system provides centralized management and configuration of the content to be captured in audit records generated by [Assignment: organization-defined information system components].

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Selecting a centralized management and configuration tool audit logs
2. Identifying system components that generate audit records
3. Deploying the selected tool for implementing centralized management and configuration of the content to be captured in audit records of Org.-deployed resources.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for implementing centralized management and configuration of the content to be captured in audit records of Org.-deployed resources.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

For Infrastructure (and OS) pieces, Org. leverages Azure Monitor and Log Analytics.  Azure Log data is collected by Azure Monitor and stored in a Log Analytics workspace enabling centralized configuration and management. The Azure Policy confirms events are logged by assigning Azure Policy definitions that audit and enforce deployment of the Log Analytics agent on Azure virtual machines.  The Azure policy also audits and deploys Log Analytics Agents on VM Image (OS), VMSS, Linux VM Scale Sets (VMSS), Linux VMs, Windows VM Scale Sets (VMSS), and Windows VMs.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
