---
Title: AU-05 FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system:

a. Alerts [Assignment: organization-defined personnel or roles] in the event of an audit processing failure; and

b. Takes the following additional actions: [Assignment: organization-defined actions to be taken (e.g., shut down information system, overwrite oldest audit records, stop generating audit records)].

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Identifying events that characterize audit processing failures (ex. storage quota is reached, audit hardware/software issues)
2. Providing alerts in case of audit processing failures across the information system
3. Alerting Org.-defined personnel in case of audit processing failures
4. Identifying and taking actions when audit processing failures occur on Org.-deployed resources.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

## Part a

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for providing alerts in response to audit processing failures (e.g., storage quota is reached, audit hardware/software errors) of Org.-deployed resources to the ISSO (or equivalent) and the Security Contols Assessor (SCA).

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy definitions that monitor audit and event logging configurations. The Azure Policy ensures that auditing is enabled on advanced data security settings on SQL Server, and advanced data security is enabled on managed instances and on SQL servers. Monitoring these configurations provides an indicator of an audit system failure or misconfiguration and helps take corrective actions.

All audit records generated by resources deployed by this Policy are collected by Log Analytics and retained for a period of one year. The storage allocation for this audit record storage is dynamically allocated ensuring sufficient capacity is available.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

## Part b

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for taking actions when audit processing failures occur for Org.-deployed resources.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
