---
Title: AU-06(05) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization integrates analysis of audit records with analysis of [Selection (one or more): vulnerability scanning information; performance data; information system monitoring information; [Assignment: organization-defined data/information collected from other sources]] to further enhance the ability to identify inappropriate or unusual activity.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Integrating audit record analysis with analysis of data/information collected from other sources to further identify suspicious activity within Org.-deployed resources.
2. Identify sources of information to integrate audit record analysis with (ex. Vulnerability scan data, performance data, system monitoring data, and/or Org.- defined data).

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements..

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for integrating audit record analysis with analysis of data/information collected from other sources to further identify suspicious activity within Org.-deployed resources.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to provide policy definitions to audit records with analysis of vulnerability assessment on virtual machines, virtual machine scale sets, SQL managed instances and SQL servers. These policy definitions also audit configuration of diagnostic logs to provide insight into operations that are performed within Azure resources. These insights provide real-time information about the security state of deployed resources and can help prioritize remediation actions. For detailed vulnerability scanning and monitoring, Azure Sentinel and Azure Security Center are leveraged as well.  To enable the above functionality, Org. enables Vulnerability Assessment on Virtual Machines, on SQL servers, on SQL managed instances, and on SQL servers; as well as auditing diagnostic settings and Log Analytics Agent deployment on the VM image and in VMSS.  In addition, Org. ensures that vulnerabilities are remediated in security configurations on virtual machine scale sets and on SQL databases using the Vulnerability assessment solution.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
