---
Title: AU-06(04) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system provides the capability to centrally review and analyze audit records from multiple components within the system.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Collection and configuration of all audit records for Org. managed resources;
2. Implementation of Azure Policies or Org. technical mechanisms to centrally collect audit records;
3. Aggregation, configuration and review of any audit records that not integrated or collected by underlying Azure services.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

## Implementation Statement

Org. provides the capability to centrally review and analyze audit records collected from Org.-deployed resources (to include applications, operating systems, databases, and software).

Org. leverages Azure infrastructure capabilities to collect audit records from underlying sources of audit records. Org. also manages resources that are configured and operating independent of the underlying Azure services. Org. produces the customer audit records which are generated and to centrally review and analyze by the following mechanisms:

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. enables Azure policies that configure collection of Azure Log data by Azure Monitor and stores data in Log Analytics workspace enabling centralized configuration and management. Azure Policies utilize OMS Agents installed on Virtual infrastructure to enable this solution.  

Org. utilizes Azure Log Analytics to provide centralized processing of logs and generates insights and alerts from them. These capabilities include reporting, dashboarding, and analytics capabilities to get insights from incoming data and act on them.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
