---
Title: SC-07(03) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization limits the number of external network connections to the information system.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Limiting the number of external connections to the Org. environment to those that are necessary for fucntionality and operational effectiveness.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to use Just-in-time (JIT) virtual machine access which locks down inbound traffic to Azure virtual machines, reducing exposure to attacks while providing easy access to connect to VMs when needed. Org. uses JIT virtual machine access to limit the number of external connections to resources in Azure. This Policy assigns an Azure Policy definition that helps monitor virtual machines that can support just-in-time access but haven't yet been configured. Just-In-Time network access control are applied on virtual machines.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
