---
Title: IA-02(02) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system implements multifactor authentication for network access to non-privileged accounts.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Implementing multifactor authentication (MFA) for network access to non-privileged accounts across the entire stack, including the application layer.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. implements multifactor authentication for network access to non-privileged accounts across the entire stack of the information system environment.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to restricts and controls privileged access by assigning Azure Policy definitions to audit accounts with read permissions that don't have multi-factor authentication enabled.  By monitoring accounts without multi-factor authentication enabled, Org. identifies accounts that may be more likely to be compromised provided that MFA is enabled on accounts with read permissions on the subscriptions.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
