---
Title: AC-04 FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system enforces approved authorizations for controlling the flow of information within the system and between interconnected systems based on [Assignment: organization-defined information flow control policies].

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Defining Information Flow enforcement policies and procedures
2. Controlling the flow of information within Org.-deployed resources and between interconnected systems.
3. Selecting information flow enforcement mechanisms to control information flow within Org.-deployed resources and between interconnected systems.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for enforcing approved authorizations for controlling the flow of information within the system and between interconnected systems.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to enforce information flow restrictions, through the use of network security groups applied to the subnets in which resources are deployed. Network security groups ensure that information flow is controlled between resources based on approved rules. Cross origin resource sharing (CORS) allow App Services resources to be requested from an outside domain. The Policy assigns an Azure Policy definition to help monitor CORS resources access restrictions in Azure Security Center. CORS implementations verify that information flow controls are implemented.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
