---
Title: AC-02(12) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization:

(a) Monitors information system accounts for [Assignment: organization-defined atypical usage]; and

(b) Reports atypical usage of information system accounts to [Assignment: organization-defined personnel or roles].

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Defining atypical usage for the Org. environment (AC-02(12).a)
2. Selecting monitoring mechanisms to monitor for atypical usage (AC-02(12).a)
3. Monitoring Org.-controlled accounts for atypical usage (AC-02(12).a)
4. Reporting atypical behavior of Org.-controlled accounts to the ISSO (or equivalent role) (AC-02(12).b)

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

## Part a

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for monitoring Org.-controlled accounts for atypical usage.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Just-In-Time (JIT) virtual machine access is used to lock down inbound traffic to Azure virtual machines, reducing exposure to attacks while providing easy access to connect to VMs when needed. All JIT requests to access virtual machines are logged in the Activity Log allowing monitoring for atypical usage.  JIT network access control is applied on virtual machines.  Azure AD Activity and activity from the PIM module are reviewed using the Azure Portal.

In addition, Org. leverages the Azure Policy to implement the OMS Security and Audit Solutions Identity and Access Dashboard to enable account managers to monitor the use of information system accounts and access attempts against deployed resources.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

## Part b

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for reporting of atypical behavior of Org.-controlled information system accounts to the ISSO (or other equivalent role).

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to implement the OMS Security and Audit solution's Identity and Access dashboard. This dashboard enables account managers to monitor access attempts against deployed resources. This solution is configured to send alerts to the ISSO (or equivalent role) when atypical activity is suspected or other predefined events occur.  In addition, Azure AD Activity and activity from the PIM module are reviewed using the Azure Portal and also reported if Org.-defined atypical behavior is observed.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
