---
Title: Ac-06(07) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization:

(a) Reviews [Assignment: organization-defined frequency] the privileges assigned to [Assignment: organization-defined roles or classes of users] to validate the need for such privileges; and

(b) Reassigns or removes privileges, if necessary, to correctly reflect organizational mission/business needs.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Defining all Org.-controlled accounts in accordance with AC-2 (AC-06(07).a)
2. Reviewing user privileges of Org.-controlled accounts to validate the need for such privileges. (AC-06(07).a)
3. Reassigning or removing privileges assigned to Org.-defined roles, if necessary, to correctly reflect the organizational mission/business needs. (AC-06(07).b)

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

## Part a

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for reviewing user privileges of Org.-controlled accounts to validate the need for such privileges.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure services to review account privileges for class of users and roles in AAD and Security Groups.  Information system privileges are organized into roles using Role-based Access Control (RBAC) using AAD, AD Security Groups and Privileged Identity Management (PIM). Each privileged user is assigned roles within their service team that correspond to a Security Group.  Each security group is assigned permissions to correlating environments with appropriate access to properly fulfill their tasks.  Org. Administrators review access to Azure resources and assign Azure Policy definitions to audit the use of custom RBAC roles.  The Policy allows for creation of environment designs that deploy Azure resources from Resource Manager templates, configure RBAC, and enforce and audit configuration.  Org. Administrators enforce Azure policy across all Azure resources.

Leveraging Azure Policy, Administrators can review who has access to Azure resources and their permissions; thus being able to disable/revoke privileges as needed (See AC-2 and AC-2 (7) for more details).

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

## Part b

### Implementation Statement

Org. is responsible for reassigning or removing privileges for Org.-controlled accounts when appropriate.  

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages AAD to reassign privileges for role assignments when those assignments are no longer appropriate. Leveraging Azure Policy, Administrators can review who has access to Azure resources and their permissions, thus being able to disable/revoke privileges for the roles as needed (See AC-2 and AC-2 (7) for more details).

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
