---
Title: AC-17(01) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The information system monitors and controls remote access methods.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Monitoring and Controlling remote access methods for Org.-deployed resources
2. Disconnecting malicious remote access sessions when detected

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. monitors and controls remote access methods for Org.-deployed resources.

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Access methods are controlled by groups defined in Azure Active Directory, Privileged Identity Management (PIM), and network boundary protection mechanisms (Security groups, network ACLs and routing rules).  Actions performed while connected remotely are captured in audit logs, with these events being sent through to the centralized logging repository and associated audit and analysis tools. These audit logs are available to the appropriate teams for review and triage in the event of an incident.

In addition, Org. leverages Azure Policy to monitor that remote debugging for Azure App Service application is turned off and audit Linux virtual machines that allow remote connections from accounts without passwords. This Policy also assigns an Azure Policy definition that helps monitor unrestricted access to storage accounts. By monitoring these indicators, Org. is able to confirm remote access methods comply with security policy.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
