---
Title: SI-02(06) FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization removes [Assignment: organization-defined software and firmware components] after updated versions have been installed.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following:

1. Removing previous versions of software and/or firmware components from the information system after updates have been installed, if they were not removed during the install/update process.

Org. should clearly document in the section below how implementation controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. removes organization-defined software and firmware components after updated versions have been installed.

Org. leverages Azure infrastructure capabilities to inherit underlying resources and underlying controls related to software and firmware component updates and removal. Org. also manages resources that are configured and operating independent of the underlying Azure services.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy to assign policy definitions that confirm that Org. applications are using the latest version of the .NET Framework, HTTP, Java, PHP, Python, and TLS. Org. identifies out of date software versions if they exist by utilizing Azure policy and then removes them.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
