---
Title: AC-23 FedRAMP Control Enhancement
ResponsibleRole:  Org. Roles
---
## Implementation Status (check all that apply)

* [x] Implemented
* [ ] Partially implemented
* [ ] Planned
* [ ] Alternative implementation
* [ ] Not applicable

---

## Control Origination (check all that apply)

* [ ] Service Provider Corporate
* [x] Service Provider System Specific
* [ ] Service Provider Hybrid (Corporate and System Specific)
* [ ] Configured by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [ ] Provided by Customer (Customer System Specific)
* [x] Shared (Service Provider and Customer Responsibility)
* [ ] Inherited from pre-existing FedRAMP Authorization

---

## Control Description

The organization employs [Assignment: organization-defined data mining prevention and detection techniques] for [Assignment: organization-defined data storage objects] to adequately detect and protect against data mining.

### Org. Shared Responsibilities Guidance

All customers should review their Customer Responsibilities requirements as documented in Microsoft Azure SSPs. Customers are responsible for implementation and documentation of controls not inherited directly from Microsoft. This includes all controls where a Shared or Customer provided responsibility is defined by Microsoft Azure.

If Org. enables relevant Azure policies to implement this control, Org. is still responsible for providing the following capabilities:

1. Defining and selecting Data Mining prevention and detection techniques
2. Adequately detecting and protecting against data mining using selected techniques

Org. should clearly document in the section below how it implements controls requirements.

### Implementation Statement

Org. implements ______________________________________________________.

TODO: Optional placeholder for non Azure, OSS or custom implementations

Org. implements various Azure services to meet this control requirement such as _________________.

Org. leverages Azure Policy definitions to help ensure data security notifications are properly enabled. In addition, the Policy ensures that auditing and advanced data security are configured on SQL Servers, including Advanced data security being enabled on SQL servers and on SQL managed instances. Azure policy also ensures that Advanced Threat Protection types are set to 'All' in SQL server Advanced Data Security settings and SQL managed instance Advanced Data Security settings.  The Policy further ensures that auditing is enabled on advanced data security settings on SQL Server, email notifications to admins and subscription owners are enabled in SQL server advanced data security settings, and in SQL managed instance advanced data security settings.  The policy is used to assign an email address to receive security alerts for both SQL servers and managed instances.

### Org. Planned Controls

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section

### Org.'s Customer Responsibility

TODO: Fill this out as needed or remove the section
